the celebrities will be working under
the guidance of head chef Jonathan
Warner they each have to make their own
dish for the specials menu and then over
a hectic service they'll have to cook it
every time it's ordered obviously if the
dishes look to scratch if I don't think
that it's good enough to be presented to
a customer not sending it out for her
special Linda will be cooking roasted
sea bass with baby vegetables and a
tomato sauce Sarah is making salmon and
new potatoes on papillote which means
it's baked in paper it's served with a
tomato salsa charlie is making a special
of honey lemon and thyme glazed chicken
with asparagus and mashed potato but
will their food be good enough to
impress paying customers and whose dish
will be the most popular it's
twelve-thirty and the restaurant is
filling up the first order is for
Linda's sea bass too fast Linda yes chef
she wants to impress but Jonathan's not
happy with her presentation and won't
let it go out rustic so the sauce I
think it's a little too thick horrible
as well I need to do is we need to blend
it yep Linda's worried now but she gets
her dish right second time
one pass away tinder and it's just as
well because it's very popular unlike
Linda Sarah's twiddling her thumbs no
one's ordered her salmon on papillote
yes I'm going to be mortified if I don't
get an order charlie is getting orders
but she starts off nervous Katie more
chicken char let's forward to giving out
but as she delivers dish after dish
after dish her confidence grows he's
quite fun and I've learned a lot
actually being nice for them get away
with Charlie and Linda working flat out
Sarah finally gets an order so you got
cheese salad way to her dish get the
thumbs-up from Jonathan
alright but she's still way behind
Charlie and Linda whose dishes have sold
out that's the last one it's been an
intense two hours but which celebrity
impressed Jonathan the most tell me
about Sara how does she get on she was
quite enthusiastic but technically she
didn't really know what she was doing
I'm so petrified given the cleon tell
that I'd send out something less than
perfect why david cook it or something
so I was really nervous tell me about
Linda she's got great ideas for
finishing touches and executions in a
bit weak dish that I presented to chef
if I think about it now it was so
embarrassing did Charlie hold her own
choice apprise me because when I first
met this morning she seemed very very
nervous as the day went on she really
came I show and she she perform very
very well been quite fun actually I have
to say so out of them all who do you
thinks the best cook in the Bakrie that
goes
you